Adding Ethereum name service post (#5121)
unlock-protocol/unlock: unlock-protocol.com/blog/ethereum-name-service.md

---
title: Ethereum Name Service Support
subTitle: We added support for Ethereum Name Service in the Unlock Dashboard
authorName: Julien Genestoux
publishDate: October 24, 2019
description: Humans are not equiped to make sense of Ethereum addresses, the Ethereum Name Service makes it easy to recognize, remember and type addresses, in a fully decentralized way!
image: /static/images/blog/ethereum-name-service/ethereum-name-service.png
---

In the Ethereum ecosystem, accounts are identified by addresses. These addresses are public keys which all start with `0x` followed by 42 hexadecimal 'digits'. It's a great unique identifier for machines, but, for most people, it is impossible to read, remember, recognize or even just type!

> Wallets are providing tools like copy and paste, or QR codes to simplify the process of sharing an address. They also often add the ability to record an "alias" for addresses which should make it easier to identify previously recorded addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets provide tools like copy and paste, or QR codes to simplify the process of sharing an address. They also often add the ability to record an "alias" for addresses which should make it easier to identify previously recorded addresses.
```
